wish has loads of really weird Soundbars
and Bluetooth speakers and everything
like that and I think we found a really
weird looking cool one today by
Sai S I I don't know I don't know this
is the the
sh39 and let's find if it's an sh1t I
don't know did it get broken in shipping
it's all like bent this has an 18800 R
curve which would fit in front of a
curved monitor I I'm not sure I've seen
that before which is kind of neat we
found the thing on wish and it is a
gaming speaker bluetooth 5.0 Soundbar
computer audio desktop subwoofer 3D
surround desktop
clock you get USB micro b that's cool
haven't seen one of those in years's an
ox cord for only my phone these days
stereo ox cord and manual all in forign
at first I thought the top was all super
scratched but it's actually got this
awesome peel on it so shall we do that
no no
okay I have a pretty bad hate of piano
black how about mirrored that sounds
better yeah
that's keep a microfiber cloth near this
first impressions it's kind of
interesting that it's curved uh I
haven't really seen that before from
anybody which is kind of interesting
even razor I could expect some sort of
curve it looks like it's got all these
switches on the front and these are
actually like mechanical keyboard
switches I can see them they're like a
cherry blue or something actually yeah
there you go look at that that's
ridiculous looks like we've got some
nice pads on the bottom to keep it from
sliding around and on the back here we
have a lot of weird and wonderful ports
got USB 5vt in from that micro b our ox
cord our microphone input which is also
kind of interesting I thought it had one
built in but it's just got an input for
one and the last one is a Micro SD card
slot it doesn't feel super heavy but but
it doesn't also feel super light either
it's plasticky but it kind of feels
quite sturdy which is good uh there is a
battery in here it is a battery powered
Bluetooth speaker this doesn't seem to
turn on so I'm going to give it a charge
while you listen to our sponsor drop and
there cstm 810 keyless keyboard with a
plethora of customization options
including a decorative top case that
fits magnetically onto the bottom case
giving you the ability to choose from
multiple colors for your keyboard you
can also pick up different keyboard
weights and switch plates to tailor your
typing experience and of it features hot
swappable switches RGB and supports qmk
via and vile so learn more about the
drop cstm 80 at the link down in the
description I've had it on charge for a
bit here so let's turn it on see what
happens oh there we
go yeah me too okay that's not a color
that's a that's a thermometer so they
didn't even list that on the website so
it's got It's got thermometer what about
this one this one's lighting look at
that show you
we have a power button we've got our
mode button which I guess changes it
between the various inputs on the back
we've got a couple alarms which is
interesting we can set the clock next up
we have a temperature display so it'll
show you the current temperature it's
currently
26 uh we've got volume adjustment the
button in the center here is called the
game button doesn't do anything I don't
know we've got some transport controls
here and on the last one we've got
lighting control which is kind of neat
it's cool that it's got a dedicated game
button but let's listen to some music
and see how bad it actually
[Music]
sounds well I guess it sounds kind of
okay that is max volume so it doesn't
get super loud yeah I was wondering why
there was four speakers when the kind of
the website only said there was two uh
these two on the outside I believe are
fake they were moving around from kind
of some of the base reflex but yeah
they're not producing any sound even
touching them is like there's nothing
there it actually sounds pretty okay for
a what it's like a $60 speaker or
something like that well it seems to
perform at music fine but it's for
gaming so let's try for gaming you only
need two speakers for gaming we brought
in a curved Monitor and yeah it's a
1,800 R which is kind of neat it it fits
the curve there's the mode switch button
which switches between your Bluetooth
and your radio and things like that and
the gaming button actually just switches
it to like the USB input which is kind
of interesting so it's going to charge
it and also hook it up to your computer
it would have been really neat if there
was some passrs on the bottom so that I
could put my you know keyboard cable
under there or I don't know if they just
assume all your peripherals are going to
be Bluetooth so now I got all these
wires everywhere in this ones at the top
the volume is controlled separately from
the computer so I have this at 100% it
makes a horrible beep when you get to
maximum volume oh boy that sounds bad
it's a little crunchy to be perfectly
honest it's not really that Punchy and
I'm not really getting a good stereo
effect either let's try it in Bluetooth
mode cuz it kind of sounded a bit better
in Bluetooth mode well this is this is
going
fantastic I I love
it oh my God so you can be connected to
Bluetooth and the computer
simultaneously like maybe that's the
problem and actually don't
care can I can I give up now I I don't
know it connected to the computer okay
with the USB the Bluetooth I don't know
if that's it or it was fine on my phone
uh this is kind of the problem with
buying little things in questionable
Tech off of uh wish or AliExpress or any
of the other websites on the internet uh
it doesn't even have four speakers the
keys that are made of mechanical are
actually really neat I would love to see
that on more products I think that's
cool uh yeah I don't know show yeah me
too thanks so much for watching if you
like this check out some of the other
Bluetooth speakers that I've had a look
at which might actually be worth the
money